the temple track has plenty of
opportunity for the veteran drivers and
lots of death for the novices keep
plenty of speed through the turns and
watch for temple structures you can get
air off of make me proud Jack
it's another reason for all the eggs
all right here we go
Oh
no nice move Oh
get a little pain
we go
you
ah
get off get off one minute
sorry but that's the game I know do
sports
cargo fruit
missing some real family
the crowd is going wild
oh yeah there you are Jack getting some
local color you certainly need it you
positively pale on screen listen I just
wanted to tell your group that you can
earn cool gadgets performing odd jobs
for the Commission and others what kind
of jobs what kind of gadgets good stuff
for instance there are some dirt forming
robots that went berserk in the crass
dirt stadium they need to be destroyed
before someone gets hurt pump them all
down and you'll be rewarded sounds good
sounds dangerous it is but the prizes
are good and you'll need them that is if
you want to continue upgrading your car
to keep up with the Joneses the jobs
waiting if you want but be careful we
wouldn't want to hurt one of our star
up-and-coming races look at those shiny
new wheels you've just won